FEAT: New extension version manager (#5702)
ansys/pyaedt: doc/source/User_guide/pyaedt_extensions_doc/project/version_manager.rst

The extension allows users to update PyAEDT and PyEDB through GUI
-----------------------------------------------------------------

.. image:: ../../../_static/extensions/version_manager.png
  :width: 800
  :alt: Version manager

----------
Features
----------

- Show Python virtual environment path
- Show Python version

> - Show the current PyAEDT&PyEDB versions
> - Show the latest PyAEDT&PyEDB release
> - Update PyAEDT&PyEDB to the latest version
> - Replace PyAEDT&PyEDB with specific version
>     - Default is main, which is the developer version
>     - Accepted inputs are branch name and version (0.34.0 for example)
> - Update PyAEDT&PyEDB from wheelhouse
>   - Check compatibility
> - Reset and update PyAEDT buttons in AEDT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show the current PyAEDT and PyEDB versions
- Show the latest PyAEDT and PyEDB release available (if connected)
- Update PyAEDT and PyEDB to the latest version
- Install PyAEDT and PyEDB with a specific version
    - Default is main, which is the developer version
    - Accepted inputs are branch name and version (0.34.0 for example)
- Update PyAEDT and PyEDB from wheelhouse
  - Check compatibility
- Reset and update PyAEDT buttons in AEDT
```
Just wondering, are you sure that the accepted input is a version (e.g. 0.34.0) and not a tag (e.g. v0.34.0) ?

Author: I am sure it is a bug >_<
